docs(web-modeler): adjust collaboration for keycloak special handling… (#7439)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/modeler/web-modeler/collaboration/collaboration.md

   ![invite choose role](img/web-modeler-collaborator-invite-choose-role.png)

3. Begin typing the name or email of the individual and Web Modeler will suggest members that already logged into Web Modeler once and that you can invite to the project.
   ![invite suggestions](img/web-modeler-collaborator-invite-suggestions.png)

4. Write a message to your new collaborator about their invitation to the project.
   ![invite type message](img/web-modeler-collaborator-invite-type-message.png)

5. Click **Add collaborator** and your new collaborator will be added to the project and notified via email.
   ![invite added](img/web-modeler-collaborator-invite-added.png)
   ![invite email](img/web-modeler-collaborator-invite-email.png)

If the member has not logged into Web Modeler before, they will not appear in the suggestions, but you can still invite them by typing their full email address.
They will appear as "invited" in the collaborator list until they log into Web Modeler for the first time.
After logging in, they will be added to the project.

![invite sent](img/web-modeler-collaborator-invite-sent.png)

#### Inviting the entire organization

> Alternatively, you can invite all members who logged into Web Modeler once to the project at once by using the **All users in the organization** option.

Reviewer: [🙃 ] Just to avoid using once twice. I think it makes it a bit more clear. What do you think?
```suggestion
Alternatively, you can invite all members who logged into Web Modeler once to the project in one go by using the **All users in the organization** option.
```
